MM-31250 Implement export command (#4386)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/mmctl-cli-tool.rst

>    - `mmctl channel`_ - Channel Management

Reviewer: This doc page appears "broken" when clicking View file to get the preview.

Author: @amyblais I built the documentation locally without issues to verify.

   - `mmctl completion`_ - Generates autocompletion scripts for bash and zsh

>    - `mmctl config`_ - Configuration Management

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `mmctl config`_ - Configuration management
```

   - `mmctl docs`_ - Generates mmctl documentation

>    - `mmctl export`_ - Exports Management

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `mmctl export`_ - Exports management
```

>    - `mmctl group`_ - Group Management

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `mmctl group`_ - Group management
```

   - `mmctl integrity`_ - Database record integrity

>    - `mmctl ldap`_ - LDAP Management

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `mmctl ldap`_ - LDAP management
```

mmctl export delete
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Description**

Delete an export file.

**Format**

.. code-block:: sh

  mmctl export delete [exportname] [flags]

**Example**

.. code-block:: sh

  export delete export_file.zip

**Options**

.. code-block:: sh

   -h, --help   help for delete

**Options inherited from parent commands**

.. code-block:: sh

   --config-path string           path to the configuration directory. If "$HOME/.mmctl" exists it will take precedence over the default value (default "$XDG_CONFIG_HOME")
   --format string                the format of the command output [plain, json] (default "plain")
   --insecure-sha1-intermediate   allows to use insecure TLS protocols, such as SHA-1
   --insecure-tls-version         allows to use TLS versions 1.0 and 1.1
   --local                        allows communicating with the server through a unix socket
   --strict                       will only run commands if the mmctl version matches the server one
   
mmctl export download
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Description**

Download export files.

**Format**

.. code-block:: sh

  mmctl export download [exportname] [filepath] [flags]

**Example**

.. code-block:: sh

>   # you can indicate the name of the export and its destination path

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # You can indicate the name of the export and its destination path
```

   $ mmctl export download samplename sample_export.zip

>    # or if you only indicate the name, the path would match it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   # If you only indicate the name, the path will match it
```
